- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  105
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  105
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  106
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  105
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  106
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  107
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  105
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  106
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  107
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  108
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  105
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  106
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  107
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  108
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  109
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  105
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  106
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  107
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  108
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  109
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  110
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  105
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  106
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  107
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  108
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  109
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  110
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  111
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  105
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  106
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  107
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  108
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  109
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  110
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  111
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  112
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  105
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  106
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  107
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  108
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  109
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  110
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  111
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  112
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  113
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  0
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  105
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  106
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  107
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  108
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  109
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  110
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  111
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  112
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  113
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  114
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  105
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  106
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  107
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  108
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  109
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  110
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  111
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  112
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  113
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  114
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  115
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  2
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  105
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  106
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  107
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  108
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  109
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  110
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  111
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  112
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  113
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  114
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  115
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  116
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  3
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  105
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  106
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  107
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  108
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  109
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  110
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  111
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  112
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  113
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  114
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  115
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  116
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  117
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  63
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  62
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  61
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  60
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  59
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  58
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  57
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  56
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  55
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  54
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  53
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  52
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  51
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  50
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  49
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  48
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  47
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  46
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  45
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  44
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  43
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  42
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  41
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  40
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  39
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  38
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  37
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  36
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  35
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  34
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  33
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  32
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  31
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  30
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  29
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  28
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  27
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  26
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  25
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  24
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  23
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  22
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  21
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  20
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  19
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  18
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  17
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  16
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  15
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  14
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  13
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  12
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  11
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  10
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  9
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  8
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  7
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  6
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  5
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  4
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  105
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  106
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  107
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  108
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  109
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  110
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  111
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  112
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  113
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  114
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  115
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  116
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  117
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  118
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  64
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  65
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  66
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  67
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  68
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  69
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  70
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  71
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  72
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  73
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  74
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  75
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  76
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  77
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  78
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  79
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  80
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  81
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  82
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  83
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  84
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  85
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  86
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  87
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  88
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  89
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  90
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  91
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  92
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  93
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  94
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  95
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  96
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  97
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  98
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  99
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  105
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  105
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  106
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  106
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  107
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  107
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  108
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  108
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  109
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  109
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  110
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  110
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  111
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  111
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  112
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  112
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  113
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  113
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  114
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  114
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  115
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  115
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  116
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  116
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  117
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  117
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  118
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  118
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  119
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  119
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  120
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  120
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  121
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  121
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  122
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  122
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  123
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  123
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  124
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  124
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  125
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  125
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  126
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  126
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  127
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  127
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  128
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  128
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  129
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  129
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  130
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  130
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  131
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  131
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  132
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  132
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  133
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  133
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  134
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  134
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  135
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  135
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  136
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  136
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  137
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  137
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  138
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  138
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  139
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  139
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  140
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  140
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  141
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  141
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  142
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  142
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  143
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  143
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  144
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  144
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  145
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  145
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  146
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  146
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  147
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  147
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  148
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  148
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  149
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  149
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  150
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  150
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  151
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  151
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  152
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  152
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  153
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  153
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  154
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  154
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  155
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  155
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  156
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  156
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  157
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  157
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  158
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  158
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  159
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  159
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  160
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  160
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  161
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  161
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  162
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  162
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  163
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  163
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  164
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  164
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  165
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  165
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  166
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  166
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  167
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  167
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  168
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  168
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  169
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  169
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  170
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  170
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  171
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  171
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  172
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  172
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  173
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  173
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  174
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  174
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  175
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  175
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  176
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  176
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  177
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  177
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  178
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  178
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  179
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  179
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  180
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  180
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  181
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  181
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  182
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  182
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  183
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  183
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  184
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  184
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  185
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  185
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  186
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  186
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  187
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  187
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  188
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  188
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  189
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  189
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  190
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  190
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  191
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  191
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  192
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  192
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  193
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  193
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  194
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  194
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  195
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  195
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  196
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  196
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  197
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  197
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  198
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  198
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  199
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  199
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  200
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  200
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  201
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  201
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  202
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  202
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  203
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  203
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  204
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  204
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  205
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  205
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  206
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  206
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  207
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  207
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  208
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  208
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  209
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  209
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  210
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  210
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  211
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  211
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  212
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  212
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  213
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  213
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  214
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  214
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  215
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  215
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  216
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  216
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  217
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  217
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  218
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  218
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  219
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  219
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  220
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  220
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  221
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  221
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  222
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  222
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  223
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  223
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  224
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  224
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  225
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  225
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  226
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  226
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  227
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  227
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  228
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  228
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  229
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  229
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  230
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  230
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  231
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  231
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  232
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  232
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  233
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  233
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  234
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  234
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  235
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  235
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  236
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  236
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  237
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  237
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  238
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  238
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  239
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  239
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  240
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  240
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  241
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  241
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  242
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  242
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  243
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  243
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  244
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  244
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  245
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  245
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  246
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  246
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  247
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  247
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  248
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  248
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  249
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  249
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  250
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  250
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  251
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  251
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  252
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  252
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  253
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  253
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  254
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  254
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  255
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  255
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  256
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  256
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  257
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  257
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  258
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  258
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  259
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  259
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  260
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  260
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  261
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  261
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  262
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  262
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  263
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  263
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  264
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  264
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  265
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  265
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  266
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  266
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  267
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  267
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  268
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  268
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  269
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  269
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  270
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  270
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  271
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  271
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  272
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  272
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  273
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  273
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  274
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  274
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  275
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  275
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  276
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  276
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  277
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  277
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  278
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  278
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  279
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  279
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  280
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  280
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  281
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  281
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  282
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  282
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  283
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  283
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  284
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  284
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  285
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  285
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  286
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  286
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  287
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  287
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  288
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  288
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  289
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  289
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  290
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  290
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  291
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  291
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  292
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  292
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  293
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  293
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  294
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  294
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  295
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  295
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  296
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  296
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  297
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  297
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  298
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  298
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  299
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  299
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  300
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  300
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  301
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  301
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  302
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  302
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  303
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  303
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  304
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  304
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  305
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  305
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  306
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  306
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  307
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  307
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  308
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  308
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  309
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  309
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  310
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  310
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  311
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  311
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  312
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  312
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  313
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  313
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  314
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  314
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  315
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  315
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  316
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  316
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  317
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  317
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  318
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  318
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  319
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  319
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  320
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  320
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  321
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  321
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  322
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  322
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  323
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  323
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  324
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  324
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  325
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  325
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  326
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  326
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  327
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  327
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  328
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  328
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  329
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  329
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  330
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  330
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  331
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  331
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  332
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  332
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  333
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  333
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  334
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  334
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  335
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  335
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  336
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  336
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  337
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  337
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  338
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  338
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  339
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  339
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  340
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  340
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  341
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  341
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  342
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  342
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  343
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  343
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  344
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  344
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  345
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  345
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  346
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  346
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  347
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  347
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  348
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  348
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  349
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  349
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  350
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  350
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  351
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  351
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  352
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  352
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  353
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  353
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  354
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  354
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  355
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  355
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  356
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  356
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  357
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  357
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  358
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  358
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  359
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  359
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  360
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  360
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  361
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  361
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  362
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  362
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  363
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  363
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  364
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  364
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  365
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  365
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  366
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  366
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  367
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  367
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  368
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  368
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  369
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  369
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  370
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  370
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  371
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  371
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  372
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  372
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  373
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  373
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  374
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  374
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  375
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  375
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  376
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  376
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  377
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  377
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  378
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  378
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  379
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  379
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  380
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  380
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  381
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  381
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  382
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  382
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  383
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  383
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  384
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  384
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  385
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  385
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  386
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  386
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  387
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  387
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  388
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  388
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  389
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  389
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  390
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  390
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  391
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  391
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  392
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  392
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  393
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  393
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  394
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  394
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  395
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  395
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  396
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  396
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  397
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  397
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  398
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  398
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  399
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  399
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  400
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  400
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  401
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  401
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  402
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  402
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  403
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  403
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  404
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  404
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  405
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  405
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  406
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  406
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  407
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  407
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  408
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  408
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  409
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  409
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  410
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  410
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  411
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  411
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  412
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  412
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  413
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  413
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  414
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  414
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  415
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  415
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  416
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  416
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  417
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  417
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  418
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  418
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  419
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  419
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  420
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  420
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  421
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  421
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  422
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  422
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  423
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  423
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  424
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  424
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  425
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  425
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  426
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  426
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  427
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  427
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  428
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  428
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  429
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  429
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  430
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  430
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  431
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  431
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  432
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  432
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  433
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  433
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  434
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  434
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  435
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  435
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  436
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  436
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  437
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  437
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  438
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  438
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  439
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  439
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  440
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  440
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  441
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  441
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  442
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  442
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  443
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  443
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  444
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  444
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  445
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  445
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  446
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  446
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  447
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  447
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  448
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  448
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  449
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  449
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  450
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  450
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  451
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  451
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  452
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  452
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  453
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  453
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  454
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  454
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  455
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  455
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  456
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  456
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  457
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  457
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  458
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  458
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  459
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  459
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  460
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  460
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  461
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  461
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  462
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  462
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  463
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  463
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  464
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  464
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  465
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  465
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  466
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  466
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  467
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  467
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  468
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  468
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  469
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  469
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  470
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  470
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  471
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  471
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  472
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  472
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  473
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  473
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  474
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  474
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  475
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  475
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  476
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  476
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  477
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  477
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  478
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  478
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  479
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  479
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  480
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  480
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  481
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  481
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  482
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  482
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  483
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  483
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  484
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  484
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  485
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  485
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  486
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  486
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  487
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  487
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  488
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  488
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  489
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  489
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  490
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  490
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  491
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  491
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  492
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  492
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  493
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  493
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  494
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  494
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  495
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  495
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  496
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  496
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  497
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  497
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  498
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  498
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  499
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  499
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  500
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  500
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  501
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  501
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  502
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  502
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  503
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  503
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  504
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  504
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  505
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  505
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  506
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  506
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  507
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  507
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  508
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  508
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  509
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  509
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  510
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  510
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  511
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  511
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  512
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  512
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  513
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  513
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  514
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  514
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  515
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  515
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  516
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  516
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  517
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  517
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  518
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  518
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  519
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  519
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  520
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  520
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  521
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  521
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  522
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  522
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  523
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  523
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  524
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  524
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  525
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  525
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  526
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  526
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  527
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  527
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  528
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  528
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  529
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  529
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  530
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  530
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  531
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  531
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  532
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  532
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  533
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  533
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  534
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  534
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  535
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  535
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  536
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  536
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  537
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  537
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  538
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  538
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  539
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  539
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  540
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  540
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  541
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  541
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  542
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  542
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  543
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  543
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  544
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  544
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  545
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  545
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  546
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  546
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  547
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  547
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  548
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  548
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  549
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  549
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  550
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  550
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  551
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  551
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  552
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  552
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  553
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  553
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  554
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  554
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  555
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  555
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  556
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  556
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  557
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  557
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  558
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  558
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  559
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  559
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  560
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  560
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  561
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  561
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  562
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  562
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  563
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  563
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  564
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  564
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  565
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  565
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  566
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  566
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  567
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  567
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  568
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  568
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  569
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  569
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  570
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  570
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  571
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  571
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  572
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  572
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  573
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  573
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  574
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  574
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  575
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  575
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  576
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  576
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  577
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  577
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  578
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  578
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  579
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  579
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  580
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  580
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  581
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  581
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  582
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  582
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  583
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  583
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  584
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  584
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  585
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  585
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  586
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  586
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  587
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  587
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  588
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  588
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  589
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  589
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  590
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  590
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  591
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  591
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  592
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  592
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  593
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  593
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  594
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  594
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  595
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  595
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  596
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  596
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  597
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  597
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  598
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  598
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  599
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  599
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  600
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  600
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  601
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  601
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  602
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  602
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  603
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  603
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  604
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  604
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  605
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  605
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  606
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  606
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  607
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  607
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  608
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  608
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  609
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  609
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  610
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  610
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  611
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  611
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  612
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  612
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  613
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  613
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  614
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  614
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  615
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  615
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  616
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  616
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  617
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  617
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  618
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  618
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  619
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  619
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  620
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  620
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  621
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  621
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  622
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  622
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  623
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  623
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  624
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  624
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  625
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  625
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  626
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  626
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  627
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  627
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  628
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  628
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  629
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  629
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  630
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  630
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  631
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  631
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  632
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  632
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  633
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  633
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  634
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  634
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  635
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  635
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  636
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  636
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  637
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  637
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  638
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  638
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  639
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  639
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  640
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  640
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  641
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  641
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  642
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  642
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  643
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  643
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  644
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  644
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  645
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  645
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  646
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  646
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  647
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  647
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  648
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  648
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  649
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  649
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  650
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  650
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  651
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  651
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  652
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  652
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  653
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  653
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  654
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  654
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  655
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  655
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  656
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  656
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  657
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  657
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  658
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  658
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  659
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  659
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  660
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  660
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  661
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  661
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  662
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  662
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  663
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  663
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  664
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  664
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  665
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  665
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  666
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  666
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  667
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  667
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  668
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  668
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  669
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  669
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  670
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  670
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  671
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  671
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  672
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  672
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  673
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  673
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  674
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  674
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  675
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  675
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  676
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  676
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  677
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  677
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  678
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  678
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  679
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  679
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  680
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  680
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  681
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  681
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  682
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  682
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  683
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  683
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  684
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  684
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  685
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  685
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  686
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  686
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  687
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  687
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  688
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  688
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  689
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  689
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  690
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  690
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  691
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  691
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  692
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  692
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  693
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  693
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  694
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  694
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  695
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  695
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  696
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  696
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  697
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  697
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  698
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  698
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  699
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  699
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  700
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  700
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  701
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  701
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  702
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  702
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  703
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  703
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  704
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  704
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  705
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  705
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  706
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  706
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  707
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  707
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  708
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  708
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  709
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  709
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  710
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  710
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  711
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  711
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  712
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  712
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  713
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  713
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  714
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  714
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  715
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  715
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  716
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  716
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  717
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  717
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  718
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  718
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  719
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  719
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  720
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  720
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  721
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  721
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  722
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  722
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  723
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  723
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  724
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  724
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  725
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  725
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  726
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  726
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  727
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  727
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  728
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  728
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  729
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  729
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  730
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  730
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  731
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  731
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  732
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  732
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  733
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  733
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  734
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  734
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  735
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  735
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  736
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  736
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  737
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  737
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  738
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  738
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  739
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  739
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  740
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  740
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  741
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  741
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  742
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  742
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  743
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  743
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  744
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  744
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  745
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  745
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  746
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  746
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  747
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  747
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  748
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  748
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  749
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  749
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  750
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  750
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  751
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  751
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  752
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  752
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  753
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  753
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  754
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  754
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  755
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  755
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  756
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  756
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  757
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  757
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  758
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  758
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  759
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  759
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  760
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  760
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  761
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  761
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  762
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  762
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  763
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  763
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  764
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  764
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  765
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  765
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  766
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  766
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  767
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  767
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  768
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  768
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  769
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  769
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  770
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  770
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  771
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  771
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  772
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  772
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  773
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  773
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  774
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  774
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  775
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  775
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  776
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  776
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  777
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  777
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  778
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  778
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  779
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  779
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  780
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  780
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  781
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  781
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  782
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  782
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  783
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  783
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  784
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  784
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  785
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  785
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  786
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  786
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  787
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  787
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  788
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  788
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  789
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  789
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  790
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  790
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  791
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  791
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  792
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  792
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  793
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  793
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  794
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  794
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  795
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  795
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  796
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  796
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  797
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  797
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  798
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  798
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  799
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  799
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  800
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  800
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  801
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  801
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  802
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  802
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  803
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  803
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  804
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  804
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  805
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  805
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  806
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  806
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  807
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  807
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  808
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  808
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  809
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  809
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  810
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  810
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  811
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  811
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  812
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  812
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  813
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  813
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  814
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  814
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  815
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  815
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  816
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  816
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  817
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  817
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  818
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  818
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  819
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  819
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  820
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  820
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  821
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  821
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  822
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  822
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  823
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  823
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  824
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  824
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  825
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  825
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  826
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  826
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  827
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  827
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  828
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  828
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  829
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  829
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  830
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  830
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  831
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  831
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  832
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  832
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  833
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  833
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  834
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  834
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  835
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  835
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  836
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  836
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  837
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  837
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  838
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  838
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  839
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  839
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  840
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  840
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  841
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  841
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  842
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  842
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  843
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  843
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  844
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  844
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  845
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  845
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  846
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  846
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  847
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  847
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  848
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  848
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  849
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  849
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  850
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  850
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  851
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  851
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  852
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  852
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  853
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  853
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  854
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  854
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  855
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  855
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  856
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  856
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  857
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  857
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  858
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  858
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  859
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  859
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  860
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  860
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  861
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  861
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  862
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  862
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  863
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  863
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  864
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  864
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  865
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  865
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  866
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  866
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  867
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  867
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  868
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  868
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  869
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  869
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  870
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  870
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  871
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  871
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  872
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  872
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  873
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  873
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  874
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  874
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  875
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  875
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  876
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  876
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  877
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  877
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  878
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  878
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  879
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  879
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  880
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  880
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  881
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  881
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  882
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  882
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  883
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  883
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  884
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  884
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  885
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  885
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  886
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  886
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  887
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  887
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  888
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  888
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  889
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  889
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  890
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  890
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  891
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  891
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  892
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  892
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  893
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  893
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  894
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  894
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  895
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  895
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  896
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  896
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  897
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  897
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  898
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  898
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  899
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  899
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  900
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  900
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  901
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  901
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  902
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  902
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  903
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  903
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  904
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  904
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  905
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  905
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  906
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  906
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  907
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  907
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  908
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  908
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  909
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  909
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  910
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  910
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  911
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  911
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  912
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  912
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  913
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  913
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  914
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  914
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  915
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  915
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  916
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  916
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  917
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  917
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  918
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  918
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  919
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  919
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  920
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  920
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  921
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  921
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  922
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  922
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  923
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  923
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  924
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  924
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  925
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  925
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  926
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  926
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  927
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  927
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  928
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  928
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  929
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  929
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  930
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  930
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  931
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  931
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  932
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  932
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  933
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  933
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  934
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  934
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  935
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  935
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  936
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  936
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  937
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  937
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  938
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  938
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  939
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  939
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  940
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  940
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  941
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  941
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  942
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  942
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  943
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  943
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  944
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  944
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  945
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  945
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  946
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  946
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  947
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  947
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  948
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  948
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  949
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  949
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  950
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  950
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  951
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  951
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  952
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  952
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  953
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  953
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  954
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  954
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  955
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  955
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  956
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  956
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  957
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  957
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  958
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  958
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  959
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  959
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  960
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  960
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  961
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  961
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  962
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  962
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  963
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  963
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  964
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  964
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  965
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  965
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  966
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  966
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  967
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  967
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  968
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  968
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  969
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  969
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  970
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  970
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  971
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  971
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  972
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  972
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  973
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  973
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  974
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  974
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  975
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  975
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  976
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  976
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  977
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  977
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  978
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  978
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  979
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  979
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  980
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  980
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  981
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  981
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  982
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  982
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  983
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  983
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  984
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  984
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  985
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  985
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  986
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  986
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  987
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  987
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  988
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  988
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  989
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  989
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  990
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  990
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  991
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  991
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  992
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  992
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  993
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  993
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  994
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  994
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  995
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  995
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  996
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  996
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  997
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  997
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  998
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  998
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  999
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  999
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1000
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1000
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1001
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1001
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1002
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1002
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1003
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1003
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1004
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1004
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1005
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1005
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1006
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1006
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1007
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1007
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1008
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1008
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1009
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1009
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1010
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1010
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1011
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1011
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1012
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1012
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1013
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1013
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1014
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1014
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1015
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1015
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1016
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1016
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1017
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1017
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1018
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1018
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1019
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1019
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1020
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1020
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1021
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1021
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1022
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1022
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1023
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1023
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1024
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1024
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1025
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1025
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1026
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1026
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1027
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1027
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1028
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1028
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1029
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1029
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1030
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1030
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1031
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1031
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1032
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1032
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1033
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1033
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1034
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1034
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1035
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1035
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1036
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1036
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1037
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1037
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1038
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1038
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1039
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1039
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1040
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1040
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1041
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1041
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1042
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1042
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1043
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1043
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1044
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1044
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1045
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1045
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1046
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1046
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1047
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1047
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1048
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1048
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1049
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1049
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1050
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1050
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1051
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1051
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1052
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1052
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1053
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1053
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1054
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1054
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1055
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1055
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1056
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1056
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1057
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1057
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1058
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1058
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1059
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1059
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1060
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1060
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1061
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1061
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1062
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1062
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1063
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1063
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1064
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1064
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1065
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1065
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1066
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1066
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1067
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1067
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1068
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1068
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1069
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1069
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1070
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1070
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1071
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1071
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1072
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1072
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1073
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1073
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1074
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1074
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1075
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1075
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1076
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1076
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1077
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1077
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1078
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1078
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1079
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1079
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1080
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1080
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1081
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1081
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1082
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1082
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1083
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1083
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1084
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1084
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1085
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1085
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1086
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1086
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1087
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1087
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1088
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1088
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1089
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1089
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1090
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1090
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1091
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1091
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1092
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1092
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1093
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1093
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1094
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1094
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1095
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1095
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1096
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1096
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1097
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1097
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1098
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1098
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1099
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1099
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1100
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1101
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1102
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1103
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1104
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1105
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1105
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1106
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1106
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1107
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1107
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1108
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1108
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1109
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1109
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1110
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1110
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1111
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1111
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1112
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1112
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1113
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1113
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1114
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1114
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1115
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1115
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1116
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1116
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1117
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1117
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1118
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1118
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1119
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1119
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1120
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1120
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1121
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1121
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1122
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1122
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1123
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1123
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1124
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1124
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1125
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1125
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1126
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1126
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1127
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1127
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1128
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1128
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1129
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1129
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1130
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1130
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1131
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1131
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1132
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1132
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1133
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1133
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1134
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1134
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1135
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1135
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1136
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1136
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1137
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1137
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1138
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1138
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1139
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1139
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1140
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1140
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1141
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1141
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1142
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1142
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1143
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1143
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1144
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1144
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1145
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1145
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1146
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1146
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1147
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1147
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1148
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1148
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1149
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1149
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1150
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1150
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1151
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1151
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1152
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1152
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1153
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1153
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1154
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1154
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1155
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1155
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1156
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1156
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1157
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1157
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1158
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1158
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1159
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1159
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1160
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1160
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1161
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1161
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1162
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1162
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1163
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1163
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1164
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1164
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1165
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1165
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1166
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1166
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1167
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1167
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1168
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1168
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1169
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1169
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1170
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1170
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1171
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1171
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1172
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1172
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1173
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1173
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1174
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1174
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1175
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1175
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1176
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1176
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1177
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1177
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1178
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1178
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1179
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1179
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1180
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1180
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1181
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1181
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1182
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1182
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1183
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1183
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1184
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1184
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1185
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1185
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1186
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1186
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1187
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1187
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1188
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1188
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1189
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1189
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1190
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1190
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1191
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1191
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1192
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1192
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1193
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1193
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1194
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1194
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1195
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1195
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1196
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1196
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1197
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1197
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1198
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1198
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1199
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1199
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1200
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1200
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1201
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1201
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1202
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1202
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1203
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1203
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1204
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1204
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1205
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1205
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1206
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1206
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1207
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1207
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1208
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1208
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1209
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1209
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1210
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1210
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1211
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1211
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1212
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1212
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1213
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1213
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1214
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1214
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1215
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1215
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1216
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1216
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1217
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1217
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1218
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1218
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1219
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1219
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1220
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1220
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1221
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1221
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1222
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1222
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1223
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1223
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1224
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1224
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1225
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1225
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1226
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1226
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1227
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1227
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1228
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1228
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1229
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1229
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1230
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1230
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1231
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1231
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1232
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1232
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1233
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1233
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1234
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1234
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1235
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1235
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1236
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1236
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1237
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1237
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1238
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1238
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1239
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1239
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1240
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1240
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1241
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1241
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1242
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1242
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1243
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1243
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1244
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1244
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1245
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1245
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1246
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1246
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1247
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1247
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1248
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1248
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1249
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1249
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1250
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1250
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1251
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1251
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1252
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1252
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1253
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1253
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1254
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1254
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1255
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1255
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1256
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1256
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1257
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1257
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1258
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1258
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1259
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1259
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1260
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1260
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1261
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1261
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1262
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1262
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1263
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1263
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1264
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1264
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1265
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1265
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1266
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1266
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1267
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1267
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1268
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1268
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1269
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1269
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1270
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1270
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1271
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1271
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1272
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1272
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1273
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1273
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1274
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1274
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1275
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1275
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1276
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1276
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1277
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1277
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1278
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1278
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1279
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1279
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1280
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1280
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1281
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1281
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1282
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1282
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1283
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1283
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1284
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1284
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1285
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1285
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1286
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1286
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1287
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1287
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1288
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1288
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1289
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1289
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1290
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1290
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1291
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1291
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1292
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1292
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1293
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1293
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1294
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1294
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1295
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1295
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1296
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1296
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1297
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1297
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1298
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1298
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1299
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1299
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1300
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1300
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1301
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1301
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1302
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1302
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1303
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1303
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1304
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1304
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1305
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1305
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1306
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1306
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1307
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1307
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1308
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1308
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1309
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1309
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1310
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1310
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1311
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1311
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1312
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1312
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1313
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1313
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1314
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1314
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1315
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1315
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1316
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1316
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1317
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1317
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1318
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1318
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1319
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1319
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1320
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1320
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1321
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1321
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1322
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1322
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1323
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1323
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1324
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1324
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1325
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1325
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1326
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1326
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1327
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1327
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1328
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1328
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1329
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1329
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1330
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1330
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1331
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1331
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1332
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1332
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1333
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1333
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1334
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1334
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1335
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1335
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1336
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1336
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1337
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1337
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1338
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1338
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1339
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1339
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1340
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1340
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1341
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1341
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1342
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1342
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1343
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1343
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1344
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1344
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1345
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1345
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1346
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1346
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1347
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1347
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1348
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1348
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1349
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1349
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1350
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1350
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1351
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1351
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1352
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1352
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1353
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1353
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1354
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1354
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1355
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1355
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1356
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1356
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1357
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1357
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1358
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1358
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1359
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1359
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1360
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1360
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1361
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1361
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1362
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1362
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1363
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1363
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1364
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1364
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1365
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1365
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1366
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1366
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1367
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1367
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1368
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1368
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1369
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1369
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1370
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1370
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1371
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1371
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1372
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1372
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1373
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1373
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1374
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1374
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1375
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1375
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1376
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1376
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1377
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1377
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1378
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1378
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1379
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1379
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1380
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1380
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1381
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1381
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1382
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1382
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1383
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1383
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1384
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1384
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1385
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1385
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1386
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1386
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1387
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1387
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1388
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1388
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1389
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1389
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1390
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1390
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1391
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1391
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1392
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1392
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1393
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1393
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1394
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
- a pixel from modpixel, value:  1394
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
+ a pixel from modpixel, value:  1395
doing crossDispersion calculations
summing data
reached end of image, breaking
sumArrayn:
 [  38   17   45   38   38   25   38   36   75   62   60   34   15   30   39
   21   69   43   33   27   29   19   32   62   56   37   39   51   95   20
   23   32   13   50   46   87   50  117  212  398  695 1190 1711 2059 2487
 2666 2946 3110 3166 3144 3186 3165 3108 3012 2933 2887 2744 2702 2505 2382
 1970 1678 1427 1164    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0]
